# Accretion (Turbo Pascal)

Mat Burdick's simulation reversed engineered from Dole and Fogg's papers. The main fork of source code that everyone
seems to of worked off.

This pretty close to being the original copy of Mat Burdick's first version, In that it is written in pascal which
apparently is his original language and the comments mention copyright 1988. However the fact that the source code was
found on Ian Burrell's website and the files were last modified in 1994 count against it being the very first
version. Additionally the zip file was also labelled accretion, which has never been a name that Burdick has called it.

Burdick could only partially reproduce Fogg's work, since the way that Fogg determined the atmosphere type is not
cleared marked out in his research paper.

Nevertheless, this codebase is the parent of the vast majority of variations that have any source code still extant.
  

## Basic Assumptions:

- see [notes on Fogg's paper](/docs/notes/build%20descriptions/1960s%20-%201980s/1985%20-%20Extra-Solar%20Planetary%20Systems.md)

## Features

- see [notes on Fogg's paper](/docs/notes/build%20descriptions/1960s%20-%201980s/1985%20-%20Extra-Solar%20Planetary%20Systems.md)


## Limitations:

see [notes on Fogg's paper](/docs/notes/build%20descriptions/1960s%20-%201980s/1985%20-%20Extra-Solar%20Planetary%20Systems.md)

### In Recreation:
- No way to easily recreate exact tests results without the original random number generator

- No recreation of Fogg's atmosphere gating

- Source Code is unfortunately incomplete.

## Compilation
Source Code is written in Turbo Pascal

see [here](/docs/notes/branches%20&%20forks%20&%20stubs/pre-github/burdick%20-%20accrete.md) for the status on Burdick's 
latest accrete code