# ACCRETE2 mod 0 (ANSI C++)

Christopher E. Webb seems to of modified a version of accrete to utilise and generate some traveller rpg specific values
such a UWP.

## Basic Assumptions:

- see [notes on Fogg's paper](/docs/notes/build%20descriptions/1960s%20-%201980s/1985%20-%20Extra-Solar%20Planetary%20Systems.md)

## Features

- see [notes on Fogg's paper](/docs/notes/build%20descriptions/1960s%20-%201980s/1985%20-%20Extra-Solar%20Planetary%20Systems.md)

- moons are generated around planets

- tiny planets (<800km radius) are instead made asteroid belts

- tiny moons (<100km radius) become rings.  

These processes were arbitrarily done as follows, using Traveller's (TNE and MT) system detailing procedure:

1. Moons: For small gas giants, 2D6-2; for large GG, 2D6; for worlds of radius 1600km and larger, 50% chance of 1D3.
2. Moon size: For gas giants, no larger than 0.50M(Earth); for planets, no larger than 0.125M(parent).
3. Rings/Asteroids: Arbitrary radii. If anyone wants to provide different figures, I'll be happy to accomodate them.
4. Gas giant size:  The cutoff on small/large gas giants is taken from MT World Tamer's Handbook. Brown Dwarfs (
   Dwarves?) are chosen as any GG with a mass > .02M(Sol), taken from a suggestion from <someone on TML (I will put your
   name here when I can get it from my home computer -- sorry I don't have it here!)>.

## Limitations:

see [notes on Fogg's paper](/docs/notes/build%20descriptions/1960s%20-%201980s/1985%20-%20Extra-Solar%20Planetary%20Systems.md)

One of the floating point computations occasionally (<15% of the time) goes out of range and generates an error.

### In Recreation:
- Source Code is complete.

## Compilation
The sourcecode was rewritten and converted to ANSI C++  (compiled with Borland C++ 4.52, compatible with BC++ 4.xx).

it is missing the following functions

- gets, from stdio
- randomize is a macro defined in stdlib.h
- min
- random

These need to be imported correctly. The Latest C++ standards may have removed them

see [here](/docs/notes/branches%20&%20forks%20&%20stubs/pre-github/webb.md) for the status on Webb's latest accrete 
code.